gh-135661: Fix parsing start and end tags in HTMLParser (#135930)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-06-25-14-13-39.gh-issue-135661.idjQ0B.rst

> Fix parsing start and end tags in :class:`html.parser.HTMLParser`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix parsing start and end tags in :class:`html.parser.HTMLParser`
according to the HTML5 standard.

```

* Whitespaces no longer accepted between ``</`` and the tag name.
  E.g. ``</ script>`` does not end the script section.

* Vertical tabulation (``\v``) and non-ASCII whitespaces no longer recognized
  as whitespaces. The only whitespaces are ``\t\n\r\f`` and space.

* Null character (U+0000) no longer ends the tag name.

> * End tag can have attributes and slashes after tag name. It no longer ends
>   after the first ``>`` in quoted attribute value. E.g. ``</script/foo=">"/>``.

Reviewer: This seems to suggest that they are valid -- I would rephrase it to something like:
```suggestion
* Attributes and slashes after the tag name in end tags are now correctly
  parsed as comments, instead of terminating after the first ``>``
  in quoted attribute value. E.g. ``</script/foo=">"/>``.
```

Author: Actually, they are ignored.

> * Multiple slashes and whitespaces between the last attribute and closing ``>``
>   are now accepted in both start and end tags. E.g. ``<a foo=bar/ //>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multiple slashes and whitespaces between the last attribute and closing ``>``
  are now parsed as comments in both start and end tags. E.g. ``<a foo=bar/ //>``.
```
Are these parsed as comment too or ignored?  I would change the phrasing as suggested, and possibly adding more tests for this case (I don't think I saw them).

Author: They are ignored.

They are tested in test_slashes_in_endtag.
